Nowadays more and more college students have come to realize social practice and academic learning are equally important. The importance of learning is without doubt, for the reason that we need knowledge to look for jobs, get higher degrees, and explain the unknown. However, the social practice also has many irreplaceable advantages.
First, social practice is beneficial to understanding the principles and phenomena of the science and the society. For instance, we can step into the field to experiment whether the sunlight and water supply affect the growth of the crops and compare it with what learnt on the textbooks. It is through practical experiments that we can harvest right and lively knowledge and correct wrong answers.
Second, only by first-hand failure experience can we find our weakness in various aspects, including social interaction, plan enacting, and so on. In the process of social practice, we need to learn to handle different obstacles, cooperate with teammates, and communicate with people in all walks of life, which can enchant us with useful skills beyond study.
Last but not the least, most part of companies require the graduates’ working experience when employing and interviewing. Social practice is able to equip students with rich experience and broad eyesight.
In conclusion, both learning and social experience are important to the youth today. As we can see, there are more students positively diving into social practice instead of endless learning, and increasing number of universities regard both on an equal footing.
